All right guys so we created our H.T. Maol template.
Now we want to turn it into a WordPress theme.
So I have pretty much a default installation default WordPress installation.
I do have a couple of blog posts blog posts one blog post to also create a couple categories.
So I'm going to do is go to my WP content folder and then themes in the themes folder we're going to
create what I want to do that I want to create a new folder
and we're going to call this business.
OK.
And first two files we're going to create is going to be style art style Dotsie SS and of course index
page.
OK.
So in-style CSX.
We're going to add our comment section up here.
We want a theme name which we're just going to call business theme.
We're going to need author
say Author.
You are right
I
do description
and version.
All right.
Now one thing to do is open up our HDMI file.
I'm sorry HTML template and I'm going to grab everything that's in that style.
SS OK.
Copy that.
We're going to put it right in here.
Save it.
And then let's also take what we have in our index each file name and copy all that paste that in the
index THP file.
OK.
Now we want to bring over some of these files to our theme.
OK so let's go to you on the go to your Wordpress installation and we're going to go into themes and
then business.
We're going to bring over the bootstrap and the.
Awesome CSSA files into a folder called C-s us in our theme.
OK we're also going to bring over foreigns Jay ass and the image folder.
All right.
Now to go back to the index aged female file or I'm sorry index page file and save that.
And then let's just make sure we can activate the themes so we're going to go to themes and then we
have this business theme.
I actually have a screen shot that I'm going to put in there as well which you should have in your program
files
just paste that right there in the root.
And now that should show up.
All right so let's go ahead and activate it and if we go to the front end to reload we just see our
static HVM owl.
All right so let's start to work on this next speech file.
So right here we have this laying equals ECN.
We're going to get rid of that.
We're going to make this dynamic by using the language attributes function.
OK.
And then we're going to need the char set.
So we're going to just get rid of what we have right here and we're going to say ph P Bulaga info char
set
K viewport.
That stuff can stay.
Now for the title we're going to change that.
We're going to save Bulaga info.
Scuse me name
now for this for the CSSA files this main style Daut CSSA we're going to just replace this with THP
blog info and we want style sheet.
You are all right.
And then for these two we have to scroll my mouse.
We have to use our template you are out here before we go into the CSSA folder.
So we're going to put in our PHP tags and we're going to use blog info again except we're going to use
template.
You
we want to we want to do that for bootstrapping for fun.
Awesome.
All right.
So let's save that in reload case and you can see it's reading those those CSSA files.
And if we look at our console just to make sure.
All right.
So it's just telling us that these images are there which is fine for now.
Now we're also going to need to include the W.P. head function within the each team had.
Her right.
And then that should be it for the head area for now in the body tag we want to include the body class
juncture.
So it was safe ph the body class
now for the menu.
We're going to use that that WP Now Walker class that we used in the past.
So it's
a we're going to want to put that.
We're going to just grab it here.
Now this will be in your project folder
.
So that's going to go right in the root of the theme.
Now we're going to go and create a function's PDP file in our theme.
I keep doing that.
All right.
And we need to require that file
case all they require wants one to require wants WP underscore bootstrapped underscore nav Walker dot
ph p.
So save that let's go back into index and what we're going to do is replace this entire nav tag.
OK so we're going to get rid of that and we're going to say going to open up some THP tags.
And then in here we're going to say W.P. underscore Nav. underscore menu.
And that's going to take in an array.
OK.
And we're going to say theme location
that's going to be set to primary K we're only going to have one menu location in this theme.
Next we'll say depth and
we're going to set that.
That data to
carry.
Then we get to container
that's going to be false
menu class.
Now menu class we're going to use what we did have in the HCM aisle which I forget so I'm going to have
to just look at that real quick.
OK so we want this class right here and NAV nav pills and pull right.
So put that right here
.
OK next let's see we're going to do fall back
and these need quotes
so far back and the value we want to put here is W.P. underscore bootstrap underscore now.
WALKER And then we want to do a double colon and then fall back.
All right.
And the last thing we need to include is the walker value.
OK this is going to be new WP underscore bootstrap underscore.
Now of Walker and that's a function.
So let's save that and see what we get.
OK so there's nothing there right now what we're going to do is go into the back end.
And actually before we can do that we need to go back to functions and we're going to set up our theme
set up function.
So say function business underscore
theme underscore set up
and let's do the register now have menus
pass in an array.
And she's going to have one value.
We're going to say primary
and primary menu
.
And if we go and reload Oh we're going to do the add action
OK the hook we want here is after things set up and then the next parameter will just be the name of
this function.
Ok so now it's not there oh it's after set up theme not theme set up
.
OK so now we have a menu's option.
We click on that we wants.
Let's see home and sample page that's good.
Now right here theme locations you want to make sure you choose primary menu and save.
Now if we go to the front end and reload there's our menu.
OK which works the the active classes also work.
So the next thing we want to do is the logo.
Now we've done this before where we've used the W.P. customize or to be able to add a custom logo.
So we'll go back to our functions P2P file and go into the business themes setup function
and all we need to do here.
Very easy we just need to say add Feme support
and we want to pass in here custom load
.
And then in the index file We're going to go to where we want the logo we're going to replace this and
we're going to replace it with a conditional.
We're going to say if so also have an else
.
OK so we're going to check for the custom logo by saying if has custom logo then we want to spit that
out so we'll see p p the custom logo
else.
OK if there is no logo then we want just the the name.
OK so blog in full name
right.
Let's go back and reload.
Now we don't have an actual logo yet.
We don't know we didn't upload one so it's just giving us the name of the name of the site.
So let's test it out make sure we can upload a logo we're going to go to customize and site identity
.
And you should have this logo area and say select logo and that's see where can I get this
business sieged mail image and logo Binjie.
OK we're going to select that and then I'm just going to crop it.
Crop image save.
Go to the front end reload.
And there we go.
Now there's a space above the header here.
And the reason for that is because that's where the admin menu goes to get that to show up.
We're going to go down to the bottom of our aged him now and we're just going to say W.P. for saying
that we'll add that menu.
Now before we end this video I just want to split up the header in the folder into their own files so
let's go and create new file say this is Hetter dot BGP create another one.
And that's going to be FOTR dog page.
Now in the index page let's go ahead and take out what we want to put in the header.
So that's going to be from the very top down down to the Stiv right here just above the Jumbotron so
we're going to cut that and let's replace it with.
It gets better.
OK and then we're just going to pace what we have in the header file and then let's go back to index
and let's go from the bottom all the way up to where the footer starts.
OK so we're going to cut that and we're going to replace that with get footer
.
OK paste that in the footer save and let's make sure everything's OK which it is.
So we're going to go ahead and start here and in the next video we're going to start to set up our custom
home page and we're going to be using the W.P. customize or to handle the Showcase area as well as these
boxes.
OK so I'll see you in the next video.